All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
Please wait outside of the house.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
I am never at home on Sundays.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
Be careful with that butter knife.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
Let me help you with your baggage.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.
Mary plays the piano.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
Just go ahead and press that button.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
Flying fish flew by the space station.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Greetings from the real universe.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
He drank life before spitting it out.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
Let me help you with your baggage.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
He drank life before spitting it out.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
Flying fish flew by the space station.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
There's a message for you if you look up.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
The book is in front of the table.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.